>> Ben Hong: There are two different ways
that you can write your composables, and
this is just a JavaScript thing.
But I want to be explicit about it because
it's an easily overlooked thing if you're
newer to JavaScript and that you do
named exports versus default exports.
So what do I mean by that?
So, you might have noticed
in my useTask composable,
I explicitly export every
single thing that's in here.
This is what they call a named export.
And the reason for that is because
you're basically naming every single
export that you expect to
export out of your composable.
The alternative here is you
could do something like this.
You can do export default,
and there's like a function,
and then the function then returns.
Okay, so this is how this would look.
Whoop, don't export,
don't export.
And then we return filterTasks and
formatTasks label.
Okay, so in this one you'll notice rather
than explicitly exporting constants or
expliciting functions,
I just have this unnamed function
that's being exported with
this keyword default.
The difference is when you're
importing it, you'll notice.
First of all, this is broken now.
And it's because by using the default,
what you're doing is you're saying this
file contains this blob of a function and
you can call it whatever.
So, in this case,
I'm just gonna be consistent though.
I'm gonna call it use task and then I'm
gonna import it from composable slash use.
I think that's what I did, yes.
Then what happens is usetask is a function
that then exposes the stuff inside.
Okay, so why does this matter?
Why are we talking about this?
Well, one, because the two
offering formats do show up and
I want people to be able to make explicit
choices behind what they're doing.
And so if I could make a case to you
as to which one I would recommend is,
I would actually recommend the named
one over the default export.
The reason for that is because
the default export has this blobbiness
about it that basically says you
can name it whatever you want.
So I might name it use task,
someone else might come along and
just say task feature.
There's nothing stopping anyone from doing
differently because you're naming the blob
that's coming back to you
from your default export.
Because it's unnamed to begin with.
But if we go back to the original.
Actually, let me do this, let me do.
Let me comment this out and
then take these two again.
All Right, so then what we'll say here is,
okay, we export them explicitly.
Filter tasks,
export the format stylus label explicitly.
And then I'll make a note here.
This is called a default export example.
What I love about this is that
once you have your composable,
like you have your import.
Wait, did I do something wrong?
Yes, I did.
Your stuff is basically
the autocomplete is there for you.
And so, there's no one ever deciding,
like, actually I'm gonna name
it something differently.
And then so you might think,
okay, well then name collision.
Right?
Like,
what if someone else has
something called filter tasks?
Well, that's totally fine.
You just name it something different.
NewFilterTasks.
Wait, as new filter task.
Sorry, I forgot that's the syntax.
So then now you can use newFilterTask.
So, to me,
the named exports provide consistency, yet
you're autocomplete and
you don't get naming collisions.
And so it does seem to carry all
the benefits that you would expect.
Now, granted, we will learn about
functions inside of our composables later,
but this is kind of like
the foray into it all.